We just put together our first ingress config file, but inside of here was a kind of mysterious rule
that said host of post.
Let me tell you a little bit more about what is going on inside of here.
So when we make use of Kubernetes, we can absolutely just host one single application at one single
domain.
But with Kubernetes, well, we can host a ton of infrastructure.
We're not necessarily limited to just hosting one singular application.
So in other words, we could host many different apps at many different domains inside of a single Kubernetes
cluster.
We could have some app tied to my app.
Another totally different app at Post Tracker and yet another at blog app.com.
The infrastructure for all these different applications at these different domains can be hosted inside
of one single Kubernetes cluster.
Ingress Engine X is set up, assuming that you might be hosting many different apps at different domains.
So that's what this host property right here is all about.
We are saying that the config that we're about to write in this little section right here is all tied
to an app hosted at Jpost.com.
Now there's kind of a good side and bad side to this.
The bad side is that in the development environment, we are used to accessing all of our different
running servers at local.
Host So how does this kind of routing rule or this idea of having some specific domain really stack
up with ingress engine X?
Well, in the development environment, what we have to do is trick our local machine into thinking
that post is equivalent to local host.
So in other words, whenever we try to connect to post, we're going to trick our computer to connecting
to our local machine rather than the real post that I'm sure exists out there somewhere online.
To trick our local machine into connecting to local host.
Whenever we go to post, we're going to make a little configuration change on your computer to your
host file.
Your host file, which is available on Windows and macOS or Linux, is where we can set up a series
of additional little routing rules.
And we can say any time we tried to go to Jpost.com instead, just connect to our local machine.
Again, this is going to somehow trick or make ingress engine x think that we are coming to it from
post and it's going to apply all the routing rules that are shown in this section right here.
Long story short, we just have to add in one line of config to this file, different file location
depending upon your operating system.
That's the long and short of it.
So let's get to it.
Now, naturally, I am on macOS, so I'm going to open up my Etsy slash host file.
That is not a directory.
That's a file inside my code editor.
If you're on windows, you will open up that file instead.
So I'm going to do that right now.
And here's my host file.
Yours will probably look very similar to this.
Maybe you'll have a couple of extra lines in here at the very bottom of this file.
I'm going to add in 127001 and then post.
Notice there is a space in between.
Very important.
If you are on mini cube.
If you are making you some mini cube, you are not going to write in 127001 right here.
Instead you will write in whatever the result of mini cube IP is.
So if you are on mini cube or making use of it, run this command.
Take the IP that gets printed up right there and put it right there instead of 127001.
So now whenever we try to connect to post your operating system is going to say, oh, rather than going
to the real post somewhere out on the Internet, I'm going to instead connect to the local machine.
Me right here at 127001.
Okay.
After making that change, I'm going to save the file.
Chances are you're going to see some kind of permission warning.
If you're on windows, you're probably going to need to open up your code editor again in administration
mode.
If you're on macOS, you can make use of Visual Studio code.
You can just hit that little button right there, put in your password and you're good to go.
File is saved.
Okay.
So now inside of our browser or postman, whatever else, if we go to post, we are going to be actually
make a request to 127001.
That request is going to go into ingress serve.
It's going ingress and Gen X is going to think that we are trying to visit post and so it's going to
apply the routing rules you see right here.
All right, so let's go back over to our browser and we're going to test this out.
So inside of a new browser tab, we are going to navigate to post slash posts that should, behind the
scenes make a request to our post cluster IP service, which actually makes a request to our post pod.
And you and I know if by going into our post index file, if we make a request to slash post, that
should send us back all the different posts that we have created inside the service.
So let's try navigating to that right now.
And there we go.
I've got my list of posts.
Yay!
So this is great.
We've now got our list of posts right here.
We are able to access some pod and most importantly, we didn't have to reach out directly to this pod.
In other words, I didn't have to type in some URL that says go to my post pod.
Instead I put in just a very normal URL and behind the scenes ingress engine x is going to take this
request and route it off to the appropriate service.
And that service in turn is going to read it off to the appropriate pod.
Okay.
So hopefully everything is working for you.
There's definitely many locations throughout all the stuff where things can go wrong.
If you're running into trouble, remember, try doing a little bit of troubleshooting on your own.
Google is a great tool, great friend to have around, but if you still can't get it, always feel free
to hop over to the discussion board and I'll do my best to help you out.
But do remember if you have a problem, I really need to see your code.
So do test your code on GitHub first.
Well, we've now proven that we can get access to a pod.
So now we have to go back through all of our different services.
Where's our diagram?
Here we go.
We need to go back through all of our different services, all these different pods.
We need to add in some routing rules to that ingress engine X config file.
And we also need to make sure that at some point in time we also create a deployment for our React app
as well, but still just a little bit left.
But we are definitely almost at the end here.
It's a quick pause and we'll continue in just a minute.